In our demo,
we'll be starting off by creating an integration test project
inside our movie ranks solution that we created when
implementing the object persistence model.
We'll be installing the necessary NuGet packages that we
need in order to run our integration tests.
We create a collection fixture class.
This is an xUnit‑specific class that allows us to
run code before running our tests.
Here we'll download and run a local version of DynamoDB
using the library called Docker.DotNet.
We also create a custom web application factory.
This will allow us to override and face implementations with test versions.
For example,
the IAmazonDynamoDB interface will register this against the local
version of DynamoDB when running our integration tests.
Once we have everything set up,
we then create a bunch of tests that will test each of our
endpoints that we created in the working with items in DynamoDB
using the object persistence model module.
We'll be adding the test to our solution that we created in the working with
items in Dynamodb using the object persistence model module.
We'll start off by creating a folder inside our Solution named Tests.
Inside this folder, we'll right‑click and select Add,
New Project, and we want to add the xUnit Test Project.
We will call our project MovieRank.Integration.Tests.
By default, we're given a class named UnitTest1.
For now, we'll delete this.
In order to test our MovieRank application, we'll be spinning this up in memory.
We want to install a couple of NuGet packages that will allow us to do this.
If we head along to Package Manager Console,
we select the project that we want to install these packages
into as MovieRank.Integration.Tests and say install‑package
microsoft.aspnetcore.mvc.testing.
We also want to install the Docker.DotNet.
This is going to allow us to spin up our local instance of DynamoDB when running our tests.